The bridge is crossing.
What a sad bridge.
The Shina River is flowing.
Niji, come here.
What are you doing?
You're doing Karakuri.
No, I'm not.
What is this Karakuri?
You're doing Yaoya.
Yaoya?
No, I'm not.
You're doing Yao.
I'm not.
I'm doing Koshio.
I'm sorry.
You have to truly tell me.
When Niji came, she had children.
Now the child-78-ENS,
but she rises to Sonyo.
Come here.
Please stop there.
Don't go there.
We have nothing to do.
He was a red-haired man.
He was so angry that he forgot the lyrics.
He remembered the lyrics.
He said,
I'm so happy.
He was so stupid.
He said,
You're a bad guy.
He laughed.
He didn't have lyrics.
He was so angry that he couldn't speak.
The flag, the seal,
the wall, the boss...
It was decided.
You have to go.
They went out of the house.
The Prince was so angry.
The Prince said,
You're a bad guy.
He was so angry that he couldn't speak.
He said,
I'm sorry.
Thank you.
Everyone came to see me.
Look.
Mmeda, Suita, Ibaraki, and Takatsuki.
They're like the Imperial Court.
What do you think?
They're funny young people.
They're too funny.
They're not funny.
Stop it!
Get your hands off!
Quietly,inks I will fetishize you.
You're not f員ting me?
Get me a wild knife.
True valid!
Bring me the knife again.
Thank you for watching!